# hw-6-gifyapi
Hello this project is all about accessing the gify api. You input a search term turn it into a button and then that button gets appened onto the page. From there you click on the button you just made to access the gify api and gif related to the title shows up on the screen. You can search for 1, 3 or 5 gifs. You also get the rating and title. The gif its self starts as a still and becomes an animated gif once you click it. You can also favorite a gif as well as remove a favorite if you choose. I also added local storage of the gif search buttons so the user can keep adding to their wall later if they so choose. The one thing I couldnt do was find a good video game api. I wanted to make this video game gif and data related were you make video game themed buttons and then could get gifs or use that same button to access info on said game. My issue was the video game api's I could figure out how to get into massively lacked in data or I couldnt figure out how access the api at this time. That is main area I feel I need improvment on going into the future. Overall the hardest part i got to function aside from the api was the local storage. I kept resetting the local storage on page load and had to move that into the seach button. I also ran into issues when first booting up the page and after clearing out my local storage. The code could read the starterGIf array becuase it was null. So I had to tell the code to only set the starterGifs equal to local storage if it wasnt null. Those where my biggest issues making this page. This page uses bootstrap, Jquery and ajax calls to make the page. I am only creator of this page I hope you enjoy it. 
https://cmatchneer.github.io/hw-6-gifyapi/
